Intro:
    Hi, my name is Lu and welcome to pos_connect. In this introduction video, lets go right into why should you use this software. What is the advantage and disadvanrage in compare with other product. Most pos in the market are design to stand alone and does not connect to each other and I believe, when things are connected, it open door to many possibility. Think about this, if you have information about the cost,price and sale volumns of a product in only one store, it does not have alot of meaning. But when these data come together from different stores, you can start see the relationship of the cost, price and sale volumn to find out what is the most profitable price. We can also find out a list of most profitable product your business should carry(demo). Here is another example of data sharing: it would be very easy to add new product into your store because chances are other store in the network already define this information( as a demo - let me show you with afew click, and you can import new product into your store through network suggestion) Data sharing is powerful with lot of potential but it also comes with a risk of exposing your sensitive business data to the network. To address the privacy issue, I make data sharing anonymous. ( as you can see here, you don't know what business is this data is comming from. I also suffle product information to further hiding the indentity of the business). You can decide how much you want to share. For example you can decide not to share anything or you only want to share the general product info such as name,crv, is it taxable but not the sensitive data such as price cost or sale volumns. However, to be fair, sharing is a 2 way street, you receive what you share. Another issue would be if your competitor next door also use this software and benefit from data sharing, then this will not benefit you. To address this issue I create a contract that there are no 2 stores that are located within 10 miles radius in the network. To make this clear, I have a map to show everybody where are all the member in the network. With this contract to help reducing the competition among member in the network, i encourage you to participate in data sharing which benefit everybody.

    For this sharing to be possible, it must be a web app, similar to your email account. you access the email software and email data online. This software's databases is hosted by IBM and Amazon and we can trust them to handle our data. This means your data is more secure because they are located online and not on your local computer where it can crash. We wont need to worry about creating a backup, keeping it safe and up-to-date which is not a simple process and many thing that can go wrong. If your computer crash, simply replace it with a new one,connect it to the internet and you are back on track. You can also viewing sale data or edit product information online, so you can do this at home and the software at your store can receive this update. This fexibility come with a price that this software need the internet to work. To help reduce this issue, i have work really hard to make this software to work both online and offline. This pos will download your product database offline as a cache in your web browser so that after the page is loaded, it does not connect to the internet anymore to collect sale data. All receipts are first saved offline and then they are saved online at a later time when the internet is available. For this reason, the operation of this pos will work as fast as any non-web software out there. However, if you need to change the price for example, you will need the internet because the central database is located online.

    To conclude this introduction, i want to create an honest, and fair system where people can benefit from each other though data sharing. The more data, the more reliable and meaningful it become. For this, I would like to invite you to explore this possibility of data sharing through this project. I also try to make this software easy to use. If you find any feature could be improved, you can visit the feature request page where you can post and see very body request and how i address them. Thank you for watching.


. anonymous sharing is best show as the current store spespective
. network information for a certain product (name,cost,price,sale)
. map
. request page: must log in to add request. but all the request log are display on the login page to see
. bring up the concept of an app. there are 2 app in this liquor project
. remove the map contract, remove the map. it is kind of cool when you have more customer, you can add this back in to say your network is large. right now it is not the time
. push receipt reminder